Starts research documentation (#1)
OHS-Hosting-Infrastructure/infrastructure: docs/user-research/research-plan-phase1.md

# Research plan - Task 1

DRAFT - last updated by Eady on 04/13/2021

This research plan uses the [18F research plan template](https://github.com/18F/ux-guide/blob/master/_pages/resources/research-plan.md).

## Background

> Describe factors that the research will need to account for, including any shared beliefs or forces motivating the research itself. Summarize any past research or information that shape the research context.

Task 1 of the Headstart hosting and infrastructure contract focuses on the existing ECLKC hosting infrastrcuture.

The ECLKC hosting infrastructure is hosted in AWS and serves the following applications:

* ECLKC
* National Centers
  * iDP
  * (more)

We believe there are modificiations to technology and practice that can allow for self-service of the application deployments while maintaining ATO.

> This is also our pilot to see if we can defin practice and standards for tchnical teams working with OHS outside of the ECLKC infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is also our pilot to see if we can define practice and standards for technical teams working with OHS outside of the ECLKC infrastructure.
```
